README.md, before:

# README Generator

[![License Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/)

## Description
A command line utility that produces a professional, high quality README file from the answers to a series of user input prompts.

## Table of contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation
```npm i```

## Tests
```npm test```

## Usage
node index.js
![image](./assets/images/app-screenshot.png)

## Credits
List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.

## Contributing
This repo adopts the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/) for contributing guidlines.

## Questions
- Github Profile: [trunten](https://github.com/trunten)
- Contact me for any questions you may have via email at trunten@btinternet.com

## License
[![License Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

This project is licensed under the [(MIT License)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) 

Refer to the license in the repo

Commit message:

Updated README.md and markdown generator - mailto

README.md, after:

# README Generator

[![License Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/)

## Description
A command line utility that produces a professional, high quality README file from the answers to a series of user input prompts.

## Table of contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation
```npm i```

## Tests
```npm test```

## Usage
- Install project dependancies using the command detailed in the [installation](#installation) section
- Run the application by typing <code>node index.js</code> into your terminal
- Answer the questions presented by typing your response in the terminal
-Your <code>README.md</code> file will be output to the sub-folder <code>generated_readme</code> 
![image](./assets/images/app-screenshot.png)

## Credits
- Markdown mailto links: https://www.w3schools.io/file/markdown-links

## Contributing
This repo adopts the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/) for contributing guidlines.

## Questions
- Github Profile: [trunten](https://github.com/trunten)
- Contact me for any questions you may have via email at [trunten@btinternet.com](mailto:trunten@btinternet.com)

## License
[![License Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

This project is licensed under the [(MIT License)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) 

Refer to the license in the repo
